Tick size (#976)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/tutorials/proposals/new-market-proposal.md

| Field | Description | Example |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |

> | `decimalPlaces` | Sets the smallest price increment on the book. Can work in tandem with `tickSize`. | 18 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `decimalPlaces` | Sets the smallest price increment on the book that can be stored by vega. Use with `tickSize` to get bigger price increments that are currently financially meaningful. Note that `decimalPlaces` can't be changed via governance but `tickSize` can. | 18 |
```
